Add native and erc20 fet section (#256)
fetchai/docs: docs/native_and_erc20/how_to_convert_fet.md

2. Ensure you have the [Metamask wallet installed](https://metamask.io) and that your Ethereum account is set up on it. This is where the ERC-20 FETs will go to.
3. Go to the [Token Bridge](https://token-bridge.fetch.ai).
4. Unlock the Metamask wallet if instructed to do so.
5. Ensure the **Native to ERC20** tab is selected.
6. Hit **Connect Browser Wallet** and allow the token bridge to connect to your Fetch wallet.
7. The fields will be automatically populated with the addresses on the two wallets. Ensure these are correct.
8. Under **Amount**, enter the amount of tokens you wish to convert. 
9. Hit **Transfer**.

## ERC-20 to Native FET 

1. Ensure you have the [Fetch wallet installed](/basics/wallet/getting_started) and that your Fetch.ai account is set up on it. This is where the native FETs will go to.
2. Ensure you have the [Metamask wallet installed](https://metamask.io) and that the ERC-20 FETs you want to convert are in this wallet.
3. Go to the [Token Bridge](https://token-bridge.fetch.ai).
4. Unlock the Metamask wallet if instructed to do so.

> 5. Ensure the **ERC-20 to Native** tab is selected. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Ensure the **ERC20 to Native** tab is selected. 
```

On this page, you can find instructions on how to convert ERC-20 and native FETs to each other.

## Native to ERC-20 FET

1. Ensure you have the [Fetch wallet installed](/basics/wallet/getting_started) and that the native FETs you want to convert are in this wallet.

2. Ensure you have the [Metamask wallet installed](https://metamask.io) and that your Ethereum account is set up on it. This is where the ERC-20 FETs will go to.

3. Go to the [Token Bridge](https://token-bridge.fetch.ai).

4. Unlock the Metamask wallet if instructed to do so.

5. Ensure the **Native to ERC-20** tab is selected.

6. Hit **Connect Browser Wallet** and allow the token bridge to connect to your Fetch wallet.

7. The fields will be automatically populated with the addresses on the two wallets. Ensure these are correct.

8. Under **Amount**, enter the amount of tokens you wish to convert. 

9. Hit **Transfer**.

## ERC-20 to Native FET 

1. Ensure you have the [Fetch wallet installed](/basics/wallet/getting_started) and that your Fetch.ai account is set up on it. This is where the native FETs will go to.

> 2. Ensure you have the [Metamask wallet installed](https://metamask.io) and that the ERC-20 FETs you want to convert are in this wallet.

Reviewer: Switch steps 1 and 2.

3. Go to the [Token Bridge](https://token-bridge.fetch.ai).

4. Unlock the Metamask wallet if instructed to do so.

5. Ensure the **ERC-20 to Native** tab is selected.
 
6. The **Ethereum address** should be automatically filled in with the address of the active account on your Metamask wallet. Ensure that it is correct.

> 7. Insert your [Fetch wallet address](/fetch-wallet/deposit/#to-copy-your-accounts-address) in **Native Address** section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Insert your [Fetch wallet address](/fetch-wallet/deposit/#to-copy-your-accounts-address) in the **Native Address** section.
```
